webcomponentCreationInterceptor (#3471)
SAP/luigi: docs/general-settings.md

  }
```

### webcomponentCreationInterceptor
- **type**: function

> - **description**: called on web component creation, it gives you full control over the created web component DOM element. You can modify it to your needs just before it is added to the DOM tree.
> This function is called with these parameters:
> * `wc` is the web component DOM element. It is not yet added to the DOM tree, but all attributes are already set.
> * `currentNode` is the navigation node
> * `extendedContext` extended settings about the current node
> * `nodeId` `id`, which is set on the web component object in your config or if not defined a generaded `id` from Luigi.
> * `isSpecialMf` you can specify if the webcomponent is rendered in a modal, splitview or drawer. `false` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: called on web component creation, it gives you full control over the created web component DOM element. You can modify it according to your needs just before it is added to the DOM tree.
This function is called with the following parameters:
* `wc` - the web component DOM element. It is not yet added to the DOM tree, but all attributes are already set.
* `currentNode` - the navigation node.
* `extendedContext` - extended settings about the current node.
* `nodeId` | `id`- an ID which is set on the web component object in your config, or, if not defined, a generated `id` from Luigi.
* `isSpecialMf` - allows you to specify whether the web component is rendered in a modal, splitView or drawer. `false` by default.

```
